Doc: Add applies_to label for 9.1 content (#45614)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-installation-configuration.md

    `-e` is optional and sends output to standard error instead of the configured log output.

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.1` By default, Windows log files are stored under `C:\Program Files\Filebeat-Data\logs`.
> 
> For versions earlier than 9.1.0, logs are stored by default under `C:\ProgramData\filebeat\Logs`.

Author: ```suggestion
The default location where Windows log files are stored varies:
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.1` `C:\Program Files\Filebeat-Data\Logs`
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.0` `C:\ProgramData\filebeat\Logs`
```

PS C:\Program Files\filebeat> Start-Service filebeat
```

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.1` By default, Windows log files are stored under `C:\Program Files\Filebeat-Data\Logs`.
> 
> For versions earlier than 9.1.0, logs are stored by default under `C:\ProgramData\filebeat\Logs`.

Author: ```suggestion
The default location where Windows log files are stored varies:
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.1` `C:\Program Files\Filebeat-Data\Logs`
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.0` `C:\ProgramData\filebeat\Logs`
```
